<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      lang="en">
<h:head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <link rel='stylesheet' href='https://code.ionicframework.com/ionicons/2.0.1/css/ionicons.min.css'/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stle.css"/>
    <style type="text/css">
    @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Hind:300,400');
*, *:before, *:after {
  -webkit-box-sizing: inherit;
  box-sizing: inherit;
}
html {
  -webkit-box-sizing: border-box;
  box-sizing: border-box;
}
body {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  font-family: 'Hind', sans-serif;
  background: #fff;
  color: #4d5974;
  display: -webkit-box;
  display: -webkit-flex;
  display: -ms-flexbox;
  display: flex;
  min-height: 100vh;
}
.container {
  margin: 0 auto;
  padding: 4rem;
  width: 48rem;
}
h3 {
  font-size: 1.75rem;
  color: #373d51;
  padding: 1.3rem;
  margin: 0;
}
.accordion a {
  position: relative;
  display: -webkit-box;
  display: -webkit-flex;
  display: -ms-flexbox;
  display: flex;
  -webkit-box-orient: vertical;
  -webkit-box-direction: normal;
  -webkit-flex-direction: column;
  -ms-flex-direction: column;
  flex-direction: column;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 1rem 3rem 1rem 1rem;
  color: #7288a2;
  font-size: 1.15rem;
  font-weight: 400;
  border-bottom: 1px solid #e5e5e5;
}
.accordion a:hover,
.accordion a:hover::after {
  cursor: pointer;
  color: #ff5353;
}
.accordion a:hover::after {
  border: 1px solid #ff5353;
}
.accordion a.active {
  color: #ff5353;
  border-bottom: 1px solid #ff5353;
}
.accordion a::after {
  font-family: 'Ionicons';
  content: '\f218';
  position: absolute;
  float: right;
  right: 1rem;
  font-size: 1rem;
  color: #7288a2;
  padding: 5px;
  width: 30px;
  height: 30px;
  -webkit-border-radius: 50%;
  -moz-border-radius: 50%;
  border-radius: 50%;
  border: 1px solid #7288a2;
  text-align: center;
}
.accordion a.active::after {
  font-family: 'Ionicons';
  content: '\f209';
  color: #ff5353;
  border: 1px solid #ff5353;
}
.accordion .content {
  opacity: 0;
  padding: 0 1rem;
  max-height: 0;
  border-bottom: 1px solid #e5e5e5;
  overflow: hidden;
  clear: both;
  -webkit-transition: all 0.2s ease 0.15s;
  -o-transition: all 0.2s ease 0.15s;
  transition: all 0.2s ease 0.15s;
}
.accordion .content p {
  font-size: 1rem;
  font-weight: 300;
}
.accordion .content.active {
  opacity: 1;
  padding: 1rem;
  max-height: 100%;
  -webkit-transition: all 0.35s ease 0.15s;
  -o-transition: all 0.35s ease 0.15s;
  transition: all 0.35s ease 0.15s;
}
    </style>
</h:head>

<body>
<p:layout style="width:100%; height:90%; padding: 0px">
<div class="container">

  <h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2>

  <div class="accordion">
    <div class="accordion-item">
      <a>How do i Login?</a>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Elementum sagittis vitae et leo duis ut. Ut tortor pretium viverra suspendisse potenti.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="accordion-item">
      <a>How How do i create a new password?</a>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Elementum sagittis vitae et leo duis ut. Ut tortor pretium viverra suspendisse potenti.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="accordion-item">
      <a>I can access the admin panel?</a>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Elementum sagittis vitae et leo duis ut. Ut tortor pretium viverra suspendisse potenti.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="accordion-item">
      <a>How do i register for a event?</a>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Elementum sagittis vitae et leo duis ut. Ut tortor pretium viverra suspendisse potenti.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="accordion-item">
      <a>How do i join a club?</a>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Elementum sagittis vitae et leo duis ut. Ut tortor pretium viverra suspendisse potenti.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
</div>
<script>
const items = document.querySelectorAll(".accordion a");

function toggleAccordion(){
  this.classList.toggle('active');
  this.nextElementSibling.classList.toggle('active');
}

items.forEach(item => item.addEventListener('click', toggleAccordion));
</script>
<script src='https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.2.1.min.js'></script>
<script  src="function.js"></script>
    </p:layout>
</body>
</html>